doc: mention termination_by and decreasing_by (#3016)
leanprover/lean4: doc/functions.md

#eval fact 100
```
By default, Lean only accepts total functions (see [The Equation
Compiler](declarations.md#_the_equation_compiler) for how Lean determines
whether functions are total).

> The `partial` keyword should be used when Lean cannot
> establish that a function always terminates.

Reviewer: What about:
```suggestion
The `partial` keyword may be used to define a recursive function without a termination proof; partial functions compute in compiled programs, but are opaque in proofs and during type checking.
```
